hey beauties is Viviana and today I'm
going to show you guys my very simple
skincare routine now my skin is by no
means perfect but I have come a long way
I'm an engineering graduate and I
started my career in the construction
field and after being in the Jamaican
stones all day in the dust and the dirt
my skin got so bad
however I am happy to say that after
leaving the construction field and
trying many different regimens and many
different products my skin has finally
started to Claro
so my skincare routine starts in the
shower under warm water i exfoliate my
face with my favorite african black soap
and this exfoliating palette for my oily
skin I have to exfoliate every single
day I realized that since I started
exfoliating daily my skin is a lot more
even my dark marks are ready and I
develop a lot less pimple now I did have
one of those spin brushes at one point
in time but after you want to go it fell
and broke and those fats have been
really good substitute I do intend to
buy a new brush coming very soon if
you'd like to buy one of those spin
brushes oh I do have a link down in the
description box where you can get 70
percent of the original price of $100
and you can get the brush for $30 by
using that link definitely if you are
not exfoliating please give it a try it
makes the world of a difference
following up with a map is something I
only do once or twice a week once on the
weekend and then one through the week is
necessary depending on how my skin is
behaving and thou had many store-bought
masks I have found that with homemade
one just works and eBay and it is the
same exact match that I use in my hair
that I have showed you how to make
before my quick creamy no long no mess
easy to rinse bentonite and Russel clay
mix
[Music]
so after applying a thin layer to my
face and under my chin I allow it to dry
for about 15 minutes then I rinse it off
with lukewarm water then I pat dry my
face with a paper towel
based on my research I've concluded that
it's a lot more sanitary to use a
disposable paper towel to dry your face
instead of using say a rag or a towel
because the paper towel you just use it
and throw it away and you don't
reintroduce all bacteria to your face
again then after dry my face I follow up
with my astringent using an astringent
is the final way of ensuring my skin is
clean and after it rains in my face with
the astringent I like to look at the
cotton pad to ensure that it's fairly
clean because that would indicate to me
that I did a pretty good job on my
skincare regimen
and it never forgets an NGO regimen with
a moisturizer this Neutrogena grapefruit
moisturizer is my absolute favorite
because it's lightweight and doesn't
leave my face greasy and shiny looking
then my final step is to moisturize my
lips with a little coconut oil and yes
head-on today I really hope you guys
enjoy this video I know the struggle
guys I have been through it but this
nighttime routine has really helped me
to recover my skin and I sincerely hope
that it helped at least one person and
you know if this video wasn't for you be
sure to share it with a friend it could
really help someone else okay this is I
also have a morning time routine that I
will leave in the iCard and in that
video I also share some tips and tricks
that I use for active pimples
anyway beauty's thanks for watching
later
[Music]
I have no interest in relax my arrogance
no interest in relax Meyer again oh so
my hair only shrinks of about 40% of the
way and let me reiterate my hair is not
blow-dried my hair is not stretched I
call washed my hair and I